jaystanford@dallaslutheranschool.com

Mr. Stanford,
  We have discussed with Asher the failure on his part related to the presentation that was due recently. Asher comes from a very different type of school (Winston) because he learns a bit differently from other students. We are getting him back into the neurotypical school system in order to get acclimated before further higher education. As such, he missed the verbal statement on the Thursday before break for the due date. Our family was on a cruise from Sunday to Sunday during the break and he had no internet or chat available to him until the day before, when he discovered the problem. He then made a choice to not work on it that night, which was a mistake. We have gone over the timeline of how this all happened and it really stems from him missing the verbal due date announced on that Thursday. I'm not asking for a change in grade or anything. This is a learning experience for him. However, I am asking if you could provide a little more structure in how assignments and due dates are provided. Particularly for a major grade like this, not having something written down prior to the break was unfortunate. 

  Another thing Asher mentioned is that initially, he was mostly fine with this outcome because he would have a final exam to make up the difference. At some point, he learned that instead of doing a final exam, this project would serve as that. To that end, we are not completely clear on whether this assignment's weighting is different than the other grades, but he is quite sure that this was unknown beforehand. Regardless of your answer, Asher would be enthusiastic to do some extra credit in this last week. I realize this is late notice and would entail extra work on your part for grading, so I know what is being asked here. Whatever your decision, he has learned a bit about himself.

  After all this, my wife wants you to know that we aren't helicopter parents. We rarely check grades and rarely communicate with teachers. Asher has asked for this email to be sent, so we sat down, walked through the entire situation, identified the gaps in his timeline where he was mistaken or misinformed, and worked through it all. We are as involved as necessary. I welcome any corrections if anything stated above is incorrect. We did our best to scour the communications to get a completer understanding. 


Best Regards,
Craig Wilson


P.S. One final thing. We heard this from somewhere a little while ago, but weren't going to bring it up. However, since I'm typing this email, I thought I might as well throw it in. We are under the impression that Asher's work was shared with another class as an example (or for some other reason). I assume they were good reasons, but I believe in the interests of the student's safety, it would be best if you would get permission from the student prior to sharing their work with another class.  
